Lamborghini is an Italian brand and manufacturer of luxury sports cars and is owned by the Volkswagen group. The logo is attributed to the brand founder Ferruccio Lamborghini whose penchant for Spanish bullfighting sport has taken its shape in the logo.

The bull represents the Lamborghini sports cars’ fortitude, power and the aggression that is usually identified with a sports car.The Lamborghini logo also symbolizes the founder’s zodiac character – the Taurus or a bull.

User perception based on Aaker’s Brand personality traits

Majority of the users identified the brand with the Ruggedness characteristic which are characterized by facets like outdoorsy and tough. The users also associated the brand highly with masculinity. Conclusion

The…show more content…
Letter BMW are located at the top of the circle.

The BMW Roundel generally referred to as the BMW emblem is one of the world's most recognized and lauded symbols. The Roundel has always featured the circular design with the letters BMW at the top of the outer ring. The inner colours of blue and white are the Bavarian State colours.

User perception based on Aaker’s Brand personality traits

Majority of the users associated the brand with the Competence and the Sophistication quotient. The users believe that the brand has established itself as a pioneer in using cutting-edge technologies and an extensive investor in Research and Development. 



Conclusion

The perception of the users match with that of the company. The competence quotient includes within itself reliability and intelligence that are highly essential for a company into the making of aircraft engines where the probability of failure is very low. Hence it is good for the company that the users associate its brand with Competence…show more content…
The redefinition of the Godrej brand identity is not just anlogo change from the external media but also a show of change of thought of the management, it is a transformation in the attitude of the organisation itself. It has changed from the single themed red colour when it started to change it with the changing Indian society to change its logo with vibrant colours of green, blue and purple in 2008 to attract the youth attention along with its promotion showing how the brand wanted to communicate its strategy.
